I will come back on this video here.
I want to show you how to start communicating with my school using BHB.
Now one thing that I forgot to tell you in the last video is that you can always go back and it's common
sense but it might not be common sense if you are very new to BHB.
You can always go back BHB my admin of course I need to put my admin.
You can always go back to where you were before and edit stuff so you can update the information that
was there.
So always make sure that you if you want to go back in the old days stuff you can just make sure that
you come here and you click whatever you need to click here and you can even update some of this information
if you want.
You click on the table you edit and then you can update stuff.
All right.
So anyway now that we done with that I just don't want you to think that every time you make something
you cannot.
Coming up data just in case I wanted to give you that information.
But anyway so let's go ahead and create a mark up because now that we have a database and now that we
have a table with some data in there we need to actually have ph we communicate.
We may as well and find out something about these data or create new data.
Right.
So it would be fun to do that.
So let's do that.
All right.
So let's come here somewhere and right click on it and let's create a folder I'm going to call this
for my AS WELL MY as well.
All right.
Perfect.
So I have this for the record my ask you I'm going to reichlich this for that I'm going to create a
new file and call this logon.
The reason why I'm going to separate this from everything else here is because I want you to have these
files just in case you have any issues connecting with my school.
I'm going to click enter.
I have this log in here.
Actually it's got to be logging that BHB enter.
There we go.
All right.
So we need so mark up for this.
And now will be using this markup so I'm just going to copy that.
I should add we did a save as on on that file but that's fine.
Let's go to Logan.
Save it.
All right.
One last thing that I'm going to do here and just this is just personal preference is that I'm going
to go to get bootstrap.
The reason why I'm going to do this is because I want the styles for my for I don't like my forms to
be completely empty with no styles or where or little style not too much but not too little.
All right.
So I've got a corset here on the platform you give me a bow.
Get a bubble strap.
All right so if you like what I do here you can always look at that course and learn something about
it.
All right.
So I'm just going to link this.
And this is basically a framework that is going to make your applications responsive and there is going
to make a really nice and you're going to see in a minute how we can make a form look really good.
Right.
So now that it's linked I don't need this anymore I just need a browser or whatever that's fine.
They just open it up or open it up again.
What I need here is a markup so I'm going to do that.
All right.
So basically what I what I link here is a framework.
OK.
Don't get confused.
This is just going to make my application responsive and your application if you want to do that and
we'll make it nice and pretty if you know how to use it.
So I'm going to create a form and first create a div here with a container class.
You don't have to use this.
By the way if you already know how to create a form made you don't want to just go ahead and use this.
What I'm using right now that's fine.
I suggest you use this or that way you can learn something new.
All right so I created this for a class of container and inside here and then I created a number there
would be a class of access sets.
These classes that I'm put in right here has to do with this framework here.
They are already predefined inside his framework and they get to make my application more responsive
and they go and put some classes into them or write some styles into my application to my markup or
H them out if you want to call it that.
So I'm going to have a forum here inside this.
This is basically the grid grid class.
OK.
For those of you that know actually a male and I'm going to create another here with a class or form
group or write in an input field where a class of form control
by
that's fine that's fine.
All right.
Foreign control.
And does this differ here.
My father should create a label for my for my inputs but I was going to do that later so I'm going to
create the second he was going to be password was me and this one here.
Let's create a label for it because it looks really bad label for user name and it's called a user name
here.
And this copy that one into the next one.
And this makes this a little bit
better.
All right.
This is because my resolution is so big so that way you guys can see what I'm doing.
That's why it looks like this but I can make it smaller like this and then fix it up.
All right.
Hopefully you are seeing this and you're going to fix it up real quick and.
So let's just put it right here that's fine.
This will this for him he has a problem.
Is this just fix this.
Real quick right here.
This is for form control
control.
Fix that.
And this is fix it right there.
All right.
So now we need to put another class here.
Well actually we are done with classes here but this is a password level
password Leavell.
Geez.
All right.
And this of course has to be password too.
We are getting everything ready to be sending this via method might be a post.
OK.
And this is here that's fine.
There we go.
Scary right scary.
Make sure that this will
go to the same page up here.
And first the user name field will need to pass and the user name to the post.
So for a global and this one that we need to pass in the password should know how to do this already.
Shoot me.
All right.
I'm losing my voice sorry guys.
So all right.
So when you get some by in here OK long form.
Let's make a button here.
So Mitt and I'm doing this a little faster explaining much since you already know how to do this HD
mail.
If you don't you need to do that because if you want to know about BHB really good you need to know
how to implement the smell.
You don't have to be an expert in the mail but you got to know a little bit.
So let's make this been called so mad let's name it let's put a name attribute here called sort MIT.
Let's put a value here.
I've met with a capital S and that was me my boy and really.
Oh and let's just do another class here just to make a.
Looks good look good.
So if I go back here and I see my band is black right here and he's actually sending get information
here.
If you notice this sending in there you are always sending some information.
And we talked about that already.
So but anyway that's another topic.
Let's make.
Give us some class here between primary will make this look good with this framework.
All right.
Now how nice right.
That takes a lot of classes to make the little Bunday like that a lot of styles.
And we were able to do it with only two classes.
Right.
With this framework so we created the markup now.
And on the next lecture in this lecture is already big enough we will create a way to for this to submit
and receive this data via post in the other side.
Right.
So perfect.
Thank you so much for watching this and hopefully you get this down.
This would be in your course that the size files don't get lazy do it.
It will benefit you.
Thank you so much and I see you in the next lecture.